README.md, before:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0adca19e-49ed-4435-83fa-412ee406f65c)


Hello my name is Akhand!
================================

Junior Year Undergrad in Computer Sciecne and Engineering at IIT Patna
--------------------------------------
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes">
    <img src="https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=chartreuse-dark" alt="Readme Quotes">
  </a>
</div>

###

<p align="left">Nice to meet you everyone! I’m a junior year pursuing BTech in Computer Science and Engineering at IIT Patna. I will be joining cisco this summer as a Software Engineering Intern. I enjoy random projects at midnight and always love collaboration with a multiskilled team.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/akhandsinghjr" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/akhandsinghjr?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=ff69b4&labelColor=1c1917" />
  </a>
</p>

###

<h2 align="left">About me</h2>

###

<p align="left">🌍  I'm based in Varanasi, India<br>✨ Creating bugs since Dec,2003<br>📚 I'm currently learning about AI, ML, Cloud, Computer Networks and Autonomous systems<br>⚡  I enjoy competitive programming as a sport!<br>🎯 Love to research about random stuff i read on the web<br></p>


<h2 align="left">Plenty of skills</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-line-wordmark.svg" height="40" alt="amazonwebservices logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="40" alt="android logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/androidstudio/androidstudio-original.svg" height="40" alt="androidstudio logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/arduino/arduino-original.svg" height="40" alt="arduino logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" height="40" alt="bootstrap logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/canva/canva-original.svg" height="40" alt="canva logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/codepen/codepen-original.svg" height="40" alt="codepen logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/confluence/confluence-original.svg" height="40" alt="confluence logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" height="40" alt="cplusplus logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dart/dart-original.svg" height="40" alt="dart logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" height="40" alt="docker logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" height="40" alt="dot-net logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/fastapi/fastapi-original.svg" height="40" alt="fastapi logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="40" alt="figma logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" height="40" alt="firebase logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" height="40" alt="flutter logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" height="40" alt="github logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/googlecloud/googlecloud-original.svg" height="40" alt="googlecloud logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/gradle/gradle-original.svg" height="40" alt="gradle logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" height="40" alt="jira logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jquery/jquery-original.svg" height="40" alt="jquery logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" height="40" alt="jupyter logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kaggle/kaggle-original.svg" height="40" alt="kaggle logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/latex/latex-original.svg" height="40" alt="latex logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/matlab/matlab-original.svg" height="40" alt="matlab logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" height="40" alt="markdown logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" height="40" alt="mongodb logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg" height="40" alt="numpy logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/opencv/opencv-original.svg" height="40" alt="opencv logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" height="40" alt="pandas logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="40" alt="php logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pytorch/pytorch-original.svg" height="40" alt="pytorch logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/raspberrypi/raspberrypi-original.svg" height="40" alt="raspberrypi logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" height="40" alt="sass logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/slack/slack-original.svg" height="40" alt="slack logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" height="40" alt="sqlite logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tensorflow/tensorflow-original.svg" height="40" alt="tensorflow logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="40" alt="typescript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" height="40" alt="ubuntu logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-plain.svg" height="40" alt="visualstudio logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height="40" alt="vscode logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" height="40" alt="vuejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
</div>

###

<h2 align="left">Connect with me ☕️</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@AkhandSinghJr" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Youtube&logo=youtube&label=&color=FF0000&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="youtube logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/asjx/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  
</div>

<h2 align="left">Stats ⭐️</h2>


<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=akhandsinghjr&hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=dracula&locale=en&hide_border=false&order=1" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=akhandsinghjr&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=dracula&hide_border=false&order=2" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=akhandsinghjr&locale=en&mode=daily&theme=dracula&hide_border=false&border_radius=5&order=3" height="150" alt="streak graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app?username=akhandsinghjr&theme=dracula&column=-1&row=1&margin-w=8&margin-h=8&no-bg=false&no-frame=false&order=4" height="150" alt="trophy graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=akhandsinghjr&radius=16&theme=react&area=true&order=5" height="300" alt="activity-graph graph"  />
</div>

###

Commit message:

Document GitHub contribution graph action usage
Added usage instructions for GitHub contribution graph generation.

README.md, after:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0adca19e-49ed-4435-83fa-412ee406f65c)


Hello my name is Akhand!
================================

Junior Year Undergrad in Computer Sciecne and Engineering at IIT Patna
--------------------------------------
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes">
    <img src="https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=chartreuse-dark" alt="Readme Quotes">
  </a>
</div>

###

<p align="left">Nice to meet you everyone! I’m a junior year pursuing BTech in Computer Science and Engineering at IIT Patna. I will be joining cisco this summer as a Software Engineering Intern. I enjoy random projects at midnight and always love collaboration with a multiskilled team.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/akhandsinghjr" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/akhandsinghjr?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=ff69b4&labelColor=1c1917" />
  </a>
</p>

###

<h2 align="left">About me</h2>

###

<p align="left">🌍  I'm based in Varanasi, India<br>✨ Creating bugs since Dec,2003<br>📚 I'm currently learning about AI, ML, Cloud, Computer Networks and Autonomous systems<br>⚡  I enjoy competitive programming as a sport!<br>🎯 Love to research about random stuff i read on the web<br></p>


<h2 align="left">Plenty of skills</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-line-wordmark.svg" height="40" alt="amazonwebservices logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="40" alt="android logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/androidstudio/androidstudio-original.svg" height="40" alt="androidstudio logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/arduino/arduino-original.svg" height="40" alt="arduino logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" height="40" alt="bootstrap logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/canva/canva-original.svg" height="40" alt="canva logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/codepen/codepen-original.svg" height="40" alt="codepen logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/confluence/confluence-original.svg" height="40" alt="confluence logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" height="40" alt="cplusplus logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dart/dart-original.svg" height="40" alt="dart logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" height="40" alt="docker logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" height="40" alt="dot-net logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/fastapi/fastapi-original.svg" height="40" alt="fastapi logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="40" alt="figma logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" height="40" alt="firebase logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" height="40" alt="flutter logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" height="40" alt="github logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/googlecloud/googlecloud-original.svg" height="40" alt="googlecloud logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/gradle/gradle-original.svg" height="40" alt="gradle logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" height="40" alt="jira logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jquery/jquery-original.svg" height="40" alt="jquery logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" height="40" alt="jupyter logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kaggle/kaggle-original.svg" height="40" alt="kaggle logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/latex/latex-original.svg" height="40" alt="latex logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/matlab/matlab-original.svg" height="40" alt="matlab logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" height="40" alt="markdown logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" height="40" alt="mongodb logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg" height="40" alt="numpy logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/opencv/opencv-original.svg" height="40" alt="opencv logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" height="40" alt="pandas logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="40" alt="php logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pytorch/pytorch-original.svg" height="40" alt="pytorch logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/raspberrypi/raspberrypi-original.svg" height="40" alt="raspberrypi logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" height="40" alt="sass logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/slack/slack-original.svg" height="40" alt="slack logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" height="40" alt="sqlite logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tensorflow/tensorflow-original.svg" height="40" alt="tensorflow logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="40" alt="typescript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" height="40" alt="ubuntu logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-plain.svg" height="40" alt="visualstudio logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height="40" alt="vscode logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" height="40" alt="vuejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
</div>

###

<h2 align="left">Connect with me ☕️</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@AkhandSinghJr" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Youtube&logo=youtube&label=&color=FF0000&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="youtube logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/asjx/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  
</div>

<h2 align="left">Stats ⭐️</h2>


<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=akhandsinghjr&hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=dracula&locale=en&hide_border=false&order=1" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=akhandsinghjr&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=dracula&hide_border=false&order=2" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=akhandsinghjr&locale=en&mode=daily&theme=dracula&hide_border=false&border_radius=5&order=3" height="150" alt="streak graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app?username=akhandsinghjr&theme=dracula&column=-1&row=1&margin-w=8&margin-h=8&no-bg=false&no-frame=false&order=4" height="150" alt="trophy graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=akhandsinghjr&radius=16&theme=react&area=true&order=5" height="300" alt="activity-graph graph"  />
</div>


- uses: Platane/snk@v3
  with:
    # github user name to read the contribution graph from (**required**)
    # using action context var `github.repository_owner` or specified user
    github_user_name: ${{ github.repository_owner }}

    # list of files to generate.
    # one file per line. Each output can be customized with options as query string.
    #
    #  supported options:
    #  - palette:     A preset of color, one of [github, github-dark, github-light]
    #  - color_snake: Color of the snake
    #  - color_dots:  Coma separated list of dots color.
    #                 The first one is 0 contribution, then it goes from the low contribution to the highest.
    #                 Exactly 5 colors are expected.
    outputs: |
      dist/github-snake.svg
      dist/github-snake-dark.svg?palette=github-dark
      dist/ocean.gif?color_snake=orange&color_dots=#bfd6f6,#8dbdff,#64a1f4,#4b91f1,#3c7dd9
  
###
